[docs] Update old forums link to Discord forums (#24857)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/troubleshooting.mdx

If you are working on a managed app and the build error is a native error rather than a JavaScript error, this is likely due to a [config plugin](/config-plugins/introduction/) or a dependency in your project. Keep an eye out in the logs for any new packages that you've added since your previous successful build. Run `npx expo-doctor` to determine that the versions of Expo SDK dependencies in your project are compatible with your Expo SDK version.

> Armed with your error logs, you can often start to fix your build, or you can search the [forums](https://discord.gg/expo) and GitHub issues for related packages to dig deeper. Some common sources of problems are listed below.

Author: ```suggestion
Armed with your error logs, you can often start to fix your build or search the [forums](https://chat.expo.dev/) and GitHub issues for related packages to dig deeper. Some common sources of problems are listed below.
```

### How to ask a good question

> Join us on [Discord and Forums](https://chat.expo.dev) to ask for help from the community and the Expo team. The Expo team does our best to respond to high quality and well-articulated questions and issues, but responses are not guaranteed unless you are signed up for a [support plan](https://expo.dev/eas/enterprise-support). To ensure that an Expo team member sees your question, you can file a ticket at [expo.dev/contact](https://expo.dev/contact).

Reviewer: This is not in scope for this PR, but this link to Enterprise Support is a bit off. Responses are guaranteed on any paid plan, this should link to our response times section imho https://expo.dev/support-terms#target-response-time-guidelines-for-subscriptions

Author: TIL! We've that on our website. I am not sure when the last time this doc was updated or audited but I've updated it with the link you shared.

> Join us on [Discord and Forums](https://chat.expo.dev) to ask for help from the community and the Expo team. The Expo team does our best to respond to high quality and well-articulated questions and issues, but responses are not guaranteed unless you are signed up for a [support plan](https://expo.dev/eas/enterprise-support). To ensure that an Expo team member sees your question, you can file a ticket at [expo.dev/contact](https://expo.dev/contact).

Author: ```suggestion
Join us on [Discord and Forums](https://chat.expo.dev) to ask for help from the community and the Expo team. The Expo team does our best to respond to high quality and well-articulated questions and issues, but responses are not guaranteed unless you are signed up for a [support plan](https://expo.dev/support-terms#target-response-time-guidelines-for-subscriptions). To ensure that an Expo team member sees your question, you can file a ticket at [expo.dev/contact](https://expo.dev/contact).
```
